Add more information on kibana.json properties, update example plugins (#107600)
elastic/kibana: dev_docs/key_concepts/anatomy_of_a_plugin.mdx

```
{
  "id": "examplePluginId",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "kibanaVersion": "7.14.0",
  "server": true,
  "ui": true,
  "owner": {
    "name": "App Services",
    "githubTeam": "kibana-app-services"
  },
  "description": "A description about this plugin!",
  "requiredPlugins": ["data"],
  "optionalPlugins": ["alerting"]
  "requiredBundles": ["anotherPlugin"]
}
```

`id` - [Required] The id of your plugin can be anything, though it should be fairly unique, as every plugin in an installation needs to be unique. It must be snakeCase.

`version` - [Required] Note the version of your plugin. Kibana doesn't use this field, but it is required.

> `kibanaVersion` - [Optional] If your plugin is only compatible with a specific version of Kibana, put it here. Note that internal, first-party plugins shouldn't use this, as they are expected to be compatible with every Kibana version.

Reviewer: > Note that internal, first-party plugins shouldn't use this, as they are expected to be compatible with every Kibana version.

This logic is not implemented yet. But we are going to remove this check https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/61087 

If `kibanaVersion` is not specified, the plugin system will use `version` field to check the compatibility with the current Kibana version. That's the reason tests are falling on your branch for plugins declaring `version < 8.0.0`.

Author: > we are going to remove this check #61087

I'm sorry, I read through that issue but I still don't understand exactly what the issue is now and what the desired behavior will be after the issue is fixed.   The issue makes "If kibanaVersion is not specified, the plugin system will use version field to check the compatibility with the current Kibana version." sound like that's how it's _supposed_ to work, but because of the bug, it's _not_ actually working that way? 

How would you define these two fields now (perhaps noting the issue and how it will work in the future)?

Author: Ah, never mind, I see now what you mean now that I looked at the failing tests.

I can't yet remove `kibanaVersion` from first-party plugins because of that fallback.  lmk what you think of the updated descriptions for these properties.

`server` - [Optional] If your plugin contains server-side code, this must be true.

`ui` - [Optional] If your plugin contains client-side code, this must be true.

> `owner` - [Required] Help users of your plugin know who manages this plugin and how to get in touch. This is required for internal plugins.

Reviewer: What's is a valid value here? Github team name that we use in CODEOWNERS? Do we have a check that a name is valid? Can there be several owners of a plugin? 
There are some comments, but they don't fully answer these questions
https://github.com/mshustov/kibana/blob/ca137ea44bcee3de7ce22d00c489b10168b020f3/src/core/server/plugins/types.ts#L232-L242

Author: updated, lmk what you think of this new version

`description` - [Required] Give your plugin a description to help other developers understand what it does. This is required for internal plugins.

`requiredPlugins` - [Optional] If your plugin requires any other plugins to work, you must list them here by id. If any of the required plugins are disabled or not installed, then your plugin will be disabled.

> `optionalPlugins` - [Optional] If your plugin has an optional dependency on other plugins, you must list them here by id. If any of the optional plugins are disabled or not installed, your plugin will still load, however that plugin's services will be undefined in the second parameter of the setup and start functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`optionalPlugins` - [Optional] If your plugin has an optional dependency on other plugins, you must list them here by id. If any of the optional plugins are disabled or not installed, your plugin will still load, however that plugin's API contract will be undefined in the second parameter of the setup and start functions.
```

> `requiredBundles` - Don't worry about getting this right. The build optimizer will complain if any of these values are incorrect.

Reviewer: `configPath` - every plugin might allow Kibana users to adjust configuration via `kibana.yml` file. If your plugin needs to read config from `kibana.yml , you should declare what property name it should have access to.

> 

Reviewer: `type?`: `"preboot" | "standard"` - specify a type of plugin. There are two types of plugins:
- `preboot` plugins are bootstrapped to prepare the environment before Kibana starts.
- `standard` plugins define Kibana functionality while Kibana is running.
